---
date: "2025-10-13T16:09:55-05:00"
tags:
- tools
- software
- terminal
- hardware
- notes
- productivity
title: Tools List 2025
---

New year new stuff. Here's a non-exhaustive list of what I'm using on a daily basis.

## Hardware

### Apple MacBook Pro 13"

A solid machine. I've got a 2020 one with the M1 chip and it's been great. Huge
improvement over the previous Intel ones.

### Happy Hacking Keyboard Pro Hybrid Type-S

I own three versions of the Happy Hacking Keyboard now and each one is
fantastic. Super comfortable and only has the keys I actually use.

### Logitech MX Master S3

Silenced clicks, crazy good battery life, smooth scrolling.

A bit heavy for twitchy gaming but otherwise perfect.

I got this silly [wrist rest from DeltaHub](https://deltahub.io) and fell in
love with it and it works as a mobile wrist rest.

### Dell 27" Ultrasharp

Specifically model U2724DE which has a Thunderbolt hub built in. Everything on
my desk plugs into the monitor (mouse, keyboard, power, ethernet, camera, etc)
and then I plug ONE cable into my laptop and get access to everything.

## Software

### [Raycast](https://www.raycast.com)

The standard "do it all" app that's the window to everything on my computer. I
used to use Alfred for a long time but Raycast won me over for a multitude of
reasons.

### [Ghostty](https://www.raycast.com)

My terminal emulator. Super fast and accurate. I used to use kitty but don't
remember why I switched.

### [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md)

Obsidian is super powerful and I use it for the majority of my note taking and
organizing. The number one thing I like is that all of the notes are just text
files on my computer so there's no proprietary formats to deal with. I've
gotten burned with that in the past on other platforms.

If you're interested in Obsidian but tweaking and modifying your setup doesn't
sound attractive then Notion is probably a decent alternative.

### [Neovim](https://obsidian.md)

It's vim but new! It's basically the same but I've found small things here and
there are much improved.

### [Antinote](https://antinote.io)

Another "notes" app... I use this one as a dynamic "scratchpad" for short or
temporary notes. I can invoke it from anywhere with `‚å• + A`, jot down a
thought, and get right back to whatever it was I was doing. Sometimes I
copy/paste them into Obsidian later.

### [Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com)

A web browser. It's basically Chrome but not Google and has a lot of nice UI
additions.

I really like using "panels" for quick access to some sites and also "stacks"
for keeping like-tabs together.
